Add contribution guide and a code of conduct (#132)
livekit/agents-js: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 LiveKit, Inc.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

> We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our
> community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
> size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender
> identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status,
> nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual
> identity and orientation.
> 
> We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming,
> diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are committed to providing a welcoming, respectful, and harassment-free environment for everyone, regardless of background, experience, or identity. We strive to foster a positive and inclusive community where all participants feel valued and empowered to contribute.
```

## Our Standards

> Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
> community include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expected behavior
```

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall
  community

> Examples of unacceptable behavior include:
> 
> * The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of
>   any kind
> * Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
> * Public or private harassment
> * Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,
>   without their explicit permission
> * Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
>   professional setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unacceptable Behavior

* Harassment, discrimination, or offensive comments regarding identity, appearance, or background.
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,
  without their explicit permission
* Personal attacks, insults, or disruptive behavior that undermines the community.
* Posting content or engaging in activities that are inappropriate, unlawful, or harmful.
```

acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official email address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at
<conduct@livekit.io>.
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the
reporter of any incident.

## Enforcement Guidelines

> Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining
> the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:
> 
> ### 1. Correction
> 
> **Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed
> unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.
> 
> **Consequence**: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing
> clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the
> behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.
> 
> ### 2. Warning
> 
> **Community Impact**: A violation through a single incident or series of
> actions.
> 
> **Consequence**: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No
> interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with
> those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This
> includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels
> like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent
> ban.
> 
> ### 3. Temporary Ban
> 
> **Community Impact**: A serious violation of community standards, including
> sustained inappropriate behavior.
> 
> **Consequence**: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public
> communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or
> private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction
> with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period.
> Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.
> 
> ### 4. Permanent Ban
> 
> **Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
> standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an
> individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.
> 
> **Consequence**: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the
> community.

Reviewer: IMO less is more here

```suggestion
Violations of this Code of Conduct may result in removal from the community, project, or repository. Severe violations may result in a permanent ban.
```

Author: i think it's better to not change this CoC, as the Contributor Covenant is more or less the industry standard across thousands of big projects, and i'm worried that changing it subtly can lead to confusions with people who think it's the covenant and don't read too much into it

Author: we can always have a note on top saying this is based on the covenant but with some changes though — your call

Reviewer: I would prefer to start concise and with minimal provisions. we are not a large project and IMO it doesn't make sense to adopt processes of such large projects.

Author: makes sense. added the following line to the attribution:

```
It has been subtly adapted for formatting and brevity, as well as changing the
actions taken after a violation.
```
